Update FastlaneMatch.md (#159)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/FastlaneMatch.md

## Add new device for development

> - Run `bundle exec fastlane add_device` locally, it will ask you for the name of the device and its udid or register device manually on the portal in the enterprise team account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `bundle exec fastlane add_device` locally, it will ask you for the name of the device and its udid. You can also register your device manually on the portal in the enterprise team account
```

Reviewer 2: `udid` -> `UDID`.

> - Run `bundle exec fastlane add_device` locally, it will ask you for the name of the device and its udid. You can also register your device manually on the portal in the enterprise team account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run `bundle exec fastlane add_device` locally, it will ask you for the name of the device and its UDID. You can also register your device manually on the portal in the enterprise team account
```
